hey everyone Karen here now this weekend
i'm at the Emerald cup in Washington
State and it's about ten o'clock and the
gym is closed so I can do my evening
cardio so what I'm going to do today is
improvised my hotel room with exercises
that I can do out of town without any
equipment just use my own bodyweight
what I have available here so let me
just get changed into my workout clothes
and I'll lead you through my bedroom
circuit workout okay so I've changed in
my workout clothes I should also mention
that I'm eight days out in the canadian
natural Nationals now even though I'm on
the road I don't skip workouts and I'm
making the most of the space that I have
to incorporate my workouts in so we're
going to start off with some side
lunches which is a great warm-up just
side to side 20 reps and for the second
set onwards use up the intensity by a
pale pop into the side lunges next up
we'll do some mountain climbers so you
want to get down on the floor hands
below your shoulders and knees to elbows
so do 20 reps and they're alternating as
well next up we'll do some burpees
burpees will do 10 so how can you jump
up in the air and into a push-up
position so I'll do a couple for you
just to check out
jump up and down all right and also when
I'm on the road I always always stock up
on water just because I don't know how
my schedule will be I always have water
and Han just because I don't know when I
have time available to pick them up and
we'll just go into Romanian lunch it's
just like how in the gym now I have a
little bench here my hotel room so when
put back front leg lunge down just make
sure your front leg your knee doesn't go
past your toe 10 per site and still with
a jump in hand we're going to do a squat
upright reel combo so the Jets on the
side squat down and pull them up just
like as if they're dumb bells so another
10 set or 10 reps sorry and we're going
to finish off with some jump lunges and
we'll do 20 days i'll just show you a
couple how to show you how it's done
perfect so those tech tips exercises
conclude one circuit set just recap
first we have side lunges 20 reps second
mountain climbers 20 reps third burpees
is only 10 then we do Romanian lunges 10
reps per side and next we have 10 reps
of the squat up a troll combo with the
water jugs and then we conclude with 20
jump lunges so that is one circuits that
I hope you will try this when you're on
the road next time now if you excuse me
I'm gonna continue my work out here and
I'll catch you guys next time